


Scatter plot - Represent 2D data. Arrange data in x,y axis. Each data item is a dot

Bar charts - Represent 2D data.
              Aggregate data.
              Helps pool together groups of data into single bar and understand global trends.

Histograms - Represent 1D data.
              Aggregate data.
              Special case of Bar chart.
              counts frequency of 1D data

Pie charts -

In continuous distributions, probability of every outcome is zero.

Density of probability for continuous spaces -
    For a continuous probability distribution, the y-axis represents a probability density function.

    A density function is just an equation to mathematically represent a continuous distribution.
    If you're familiar with calculus, the integral of the probability density function is the probability.
    Taking the integral is the same as calculating the area under the curve.

    It's relatively easy to calculate the area underneath a uniform continuous probability distribution.
    These distributions look like rectangles, so the area is the base of the rectangle times the height of the rectangle.

Piece-Wise Continuous Probability Distributions

probabilities are never larger than 1 but Densities can be larger than 1

correlation - Knowlegde of one variable tells you about another.
Causation - confounding variable (between hospital & Death is Sick)
            without confounding variable you might see positive correlation which is false
            Like without sick variable correlation between hospital and Death is positive
            Reverse causation - size of fire cause number of fire fighters to go up.

  Empirical frequency - same as observations, what you actually saw

  Estimators -
  Maximum likelihood probability (Empirical count)- Good way to guess and underlying probability that might have produced a given dataset
                                  sum(required type of outcome) / total number outcomes

Estimation problem - Given the data find probability p  (probability of heads)
                      Given fixed P whats the probability of data

method of adding fake data is called laplacian Estimator

when there is not much data fake it by adding more data points - one for each possible outcome
Draws closer to 0.5
